Add Local SSD User Data script template. (#3)
spotinst/ocean-spark-examples: local_ssd_user_data_script/README.md

# User Data Startup Script for local ssd support

This folder contains a template of a user data script to support local ssd on Ocean spark platform.

## Usage

> On Spot Ocean Cluster  
> Add the bash script on the VNGs used for spark executors.  
> Replace the value of the variable EKS_CLUSTER_NAME by the name of the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this bash script as userdata script to the Virtual Node Groups (VNGs) used for Spark executors.
In the Spot console, the user data script is configured in Ocean > Clusters > your cluster > Virtual Node Groups.

Make sure to replace the value of the variable `EKS_CLUSTER_NAME` by the name of the cluster.
This name can be found in the AWS console.
```

## Explanation

> This script will create a folder "/data" for all nodes of the VNG.  
> If the node is an instance using NVME volume (SSD), it will mount this volume into the above folder "/data".  
> Otherwise, the folder will just use current volume.  
> 
> Ocean Spark will mount this folder as a volume for the spark application executors.  
> 
> Currently, it's enabled only for spark 3 and EKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will create a folder `/data` on the filesystem of all nodes in the VNG.  
If the EC2 instance underlying the node uses NVMe volumes (like `m5d`, `r5d`, or `i3` families), the script will mount these volumes into the above folder `/data`.  
Otherwise, the `/data` folder will just be transparently created on the instance boot disk.  

Ocean Spark will mount this folder as a volume in all Spark executor pods.  

Currently, local SSD support is enabled for Spark 3 and AWS only.
```
